Let him go!
You even hit Courtney.
It was an accident!
But you haven't been
acting like yourself, Rick.
It's that hourglass.
You've been wearing it
for too long.
Come with us.
I can't.
I think that thing
is one of my dad's
crazy science experiments.
It was a giant
mutant gorilla.
Yeah, a white one.
If the Ultra-Humanite
is as powerful as you say,
it'll take everyone
to stop him,
including the Mahkents.
What the hell?
What is this?
At least
you'll die together.
He killed people
to get what he wanted,
and he was about to kill
so many more.
Who killed my father?
I did it.
Court!
I won't let you stop me.
Courtney!
You can never save America.
You're filled
with too much hate.
Ah! Gotcha.
You saved my life.
Just returning the favor.
Does this mean
I get to be in JSA?
- What the hell?
- What's going on, man?
- What?
- Man, it's leg day.
The Ultra-Humanite killed
The Gambler.
He tore into his trailer
and stabbed him
in the heart with a claw.
Didn't see any claws.
More likely his teeth.
They were big and sharp.
However he was killed,
this is exactly why I've been
asking us to work together.
Whether you belong to the JSA
or the ISA,
our town needs us again.
Now, I know
putting the past behind us
has been challenging
for everybody.
Yeah. Me especially.
But you're working at it, Sylvester,
and well, that's what matters.
And we've made progress.
The Crocks are with us,
and I think we can get Cindy
back on board.
Why are we bothering
with Cindy again?
Because she's already
on the hunt
for the Ultra-Humanite.
So she might know
what he's up to.
Cindy seemed pretty firm
about working solo.
Whatever grand plan
the Ultra-Humanite might have,
if history's taught us anything,
it's that it'll involve hurting
a lot of people,
including us.
'Cause, guys...
This ain't no Donkey Kong.
Yeah. If we don't stop him,
it'll be game over.
1981, guys.
You know,
you don't have to do a joke
on top of every joke
that I do.
It's called banter, Pat.
All superheroes use it
during stressful situations
to defuse tension.
I know. It just seems
like you feel like you
always gotta get the last word
in on me--just, you know...
I don't know
what you're talking about.
See? Right there.
You're doing it.
Oh, is this what you want?
No banter?
Just an overly serious conversation
that scares the hell
out of everyone?
- Guys, stop.
- Sorry, Barb.
Sorry, Barb.
Okay, banter aside,
we need the Mahkents too.
And we need Cameron.
You mean you do.
He's as powerful
as his father was.
Yeah, but if we all team up
and then
the Mahkents put me on ice
because they figured out
that I ran their son over--
- They won't.
- How do you know that?
Because they think
I killed Jordan.
- What?
- Why do they think that?
It's not important.
Careful.
Have you seen my parents?
Mother.
Jordan?
Oh! Oh!
Papa!
Dad?
Cameron.
I'm home.
I brought one of these back
from every business trip
I ever took...
like a trophy.
Your mother used to love
how simple, and yet beautiful,
the worlds inside of them are.
Collecting these
after she died...
Was my way of honoring her.
One is missing.
Where have you been, Dad?
When I was hit, I lost
not only my form,
but all self-awareness.
I had no consciousness.
Just... dreams.
Dreams of you, of your mother,
of our family.
It took everything I had
to reform.
Why didn't you heal here?
Why let us think you were dead?
Son...
I was trying to protect you.
Protect me from what?
Your grandparents,
they explained everything
to you, right?
Our family was hunted
for generations.
To bring you into that history
would've put you in danger,
because once you knew--
I know how hard it is
to keep our secret
from those you hold close.
You told Courtney.
Then this happened.
Courtney told me she
was the one who killed you.
But she failed.
No, Mother.
It wasn't Courtney who did it.
It was her brother.
Mike?
Then why would
she tell me that?
To protect him.
But that's all in the past now.
And I've forgiven him.
I've forgiven all of them,
because they believe
what they were doing was right.
And after what happened,
my powers
are somehow even stronger.
Courtney says
you've killed people, Dad.
My goal was only ever
to help people.
You know that.
You know me.
I thought I did.
Son...
My son,
almost losing my life,
almost losing you,
and listening
to Courtney Whitmore,
it made me look at my past
actions in a different light.
Courtney's group and I,
we--we want the same thing.
We could just never agree
on how we should achieve that.
But I think maybe now we can.
Yes, Father.
I want peace.
Guys, I've picked up
a signal
from Sportsmaster's mask.
It's coming from
under Blue Valley,
and I think I've found
an access point.
Hold up, Artemis.
Where's Rick?
He didn't return my calls.
Well, we can't wait for him.
Do you think the Mahkents
did anything to the Crocks
or maybe that animal did?
If that white ape
hurt my parents,
I'm gonna skin it alive.
The signal's
getting stronger.
We're on the right path.
There it is, behind that door.
Maybe we should suit up.
- Where's the staff?
- Sylvester has it.
He's trying to get on
the Ultra-Humanite's trail.
Artemis, wait!
Mom? Dad?
This is command central
for our peeping Tom.
- But who was it?
- Ultra-Humanite?
This room's too small
for a giant mutant gorilla.
Look.
What is that?
- Oh, my God.
- What, Beth?
Courtney...
these are human remains.
Artemis. Hey.
Hey, Court.
Wh-what is it?
Barbara, you're never
gonna believe it.
What?
He's back!
He's back.
Hello, Barbara.
It's good to see you, Barbara.
I saw you die.
I know.
How?
I wasn't sure myself
at first,
but it seems
my abilities extend
beyond just creating ice.
I can somehow become it.
What do you want?
I want my life back.
My death can be explained away
easily enough
as misinformation
after a tragic accident.
No one will believe it.
They already have.
They want to believe it,
because the people
of Blue Valley love me.
I've lost a year of my life, Barbara.
A year away from my son,
my parents, my work.
I know I can't get
that time back,
but I can put the past
behind me,
start over, rebuild.
Trust me, Barbara.
I'm a changed man.
I've seen who you are, Jordan.
You're pure evil.
You'll never change.
But I have.
And who do we have to thank?
It's ironic, maybe, or fitting.
Your daughter, Courtney,
showed me it was possible.
She believes in people
in a way that I never did.
Yeah.
In a way that you never will.
But I want to.
I wanna wipe the slate clean.
And to show I mean business,
I am willing to help the JSA
take down the Ultra-Humanite.
How do you know about that?
I've been watching
Blue Valley for some time.
That creature followed
Sylvester Pemberton here.
The Ultra-Humanite
hated the ISA
just as much as the JSA,
because we refused to accept
him into our organization.
He didn't freeze
Crusher and Paula.
It was you.
I didn't want to, Barbara.
I didn't set out to.
They came in,
and it happened so fast.
It was terrible,
but it can end there.
All of it.
When you're ready
to accept my help
against the Ultra-Humanite,
let me know.
It really is good
to see you, Barbara.
Come out, come out,
wherever you are,
you damn dirty ape.
Sylvester?
Yeah.
I've been trying to call you.
Reception's spotty.
What's up?
We found the Crocks.
What's left of them.
What? The Ultra-Humanite?
No.
Icicle's back.
I thought Icicle was dead.
He's already gone public.
Showed up at
the American Dream.
We need to regroup.
Sylvester?
Hey, calm down, all right?
Just take it easy.
I'm taking Icicle out
the first chance I get.
Executing him
is not the way to handle it--
That creep killed me!
I know. I was there.
Jordan Mahkent put me
in the ground.
And I buried you,
and I don't want
to do it again.
And all this talk about unity
and second chances?
We gotta draw the line somewhere,
and Icicle is it!
But we have to act together
as a team.
Why bother?
You tried that before,
and Icicle is--surprise--
not dead!
But we all thought
that he was dead.
Well, you should have
made sure.
You gotta check your work, Pat.
If you had, none of this
would be happening.
I'm just saying
we have to have a plan.
There's a way to take care
of Jordan Mahkent
and handle the Ultra-Humanite.
They're sworn enemies.
We can use that
to our advantage.
You're not suggesting
we lean into this nonsense
Icicle's been spouting off
about teaming up
and letting things go?
Bygones, my ass!
Hey, that's not
what I'm saying.
The plan is this!
I'm taking out Icicle myself
whether anyone approves of it
or not.
What are you doing here?
I know you heard.
My dad's back.
It's a miracle.
It is...
surprising, yeah.
I mean, it's--it's unreal.
It--it means
everything has changed.
Nothing has changed.
Cameron, he's been back
for one day,
and Artemis's parents are dead.
I know.
And that is--is awful, okay?
And he feels horrible about it,
but it was self-defense, okay?
He thought
they were attacking him.
Why would they do that?
He was wearing a mask,
a suit that was
helping him heal.
And they didn't know
who he was,
so they probably just jumped
to conclusions--
Your father hasn't
taken responsibility
for any of his actions.
He's accountable--
Courtney,
where was the accountability
for the Crocks or Cindy?
How can you say
they deserve a second chance,
but my dad doesn't?
He wants us to live in peace,
as a family.
Isn't that what you want too?
Did he send you here?
No.
Courtney, no.
Whatever happened before--
between us, with my dad--
things can be different now.
We can work together
like you always wanted.
He told me that.
Even my grandmother's agreed.
Let's just start over.
Please.
Think about it.
Okay.
Okay. I got a good one.
Okay. What is it?
I'm gonna wish that Icicle
didn't have his powers.
Yeah.
Yeah, that is a great idea.
'Cause then he can't turn me
into a popsicle,
and the team
will have no problem
dragging his ass to jail.
I wish that Jordan Mahkent,
the man also known
more commonly
by the Justice Society
of America as Icicle,
and currently residing
in Blue Valley, Nebraska,
did not have the ability
to freeze me or my friends,
because he was
just a normal human being
without powers of any kind.
Amen.
I'm sorry, Jakeem.
I can't do that.
What? Why not?
Because if I took
his powers away,
I'd kill him, and you know
I can't kill anyone.
His powers
are keeping him alive?
What did you do to him?
Well, I hit him with a truck.
Turned him into slush.
I saved everyone!
Listen, you dumb pen!
You take his powers away,
and you kill him,
but if you don't
take his powers away,
you're killing
way more people,
probably including me!
I'm sorry.
I can't do what you're asking.
All right.
Well, we need to keep thinking.
You're gonna need help
with that.
Cindy!
By the way,
the doors were unlocked.
I could have been
Jordan Mahkent.
Where would you be then?
Probably frozen.
Burman,
what are you doing here?
Well, with everything
going on,
I decided it's a lot
for anyone to do alone,
especially for you two.
So let's team up.
Really?
Yeah, sure. Why not?
Welcome
to the Young All-Stars!
Uh, yeah, we're gonna
have to work on that name.
Okay.
She's sitting on my bed.
Smooth.
He's a talented boy, my son.
Takes after his mother.
Hello, Courtney.
Whatever you're doing,
whatever you're planning,
we're going to stop you.
I know you and Cameron
have been seeing each other.
Of course you do.
You've been spying on us.
My son
is all that matters to me.
And if you're important to him,
you're important to me.
I don't want to be enemies, Courtney.
I want us to be allies.
I really do think we could be
a great team, you and I.
I'll be honest.
Revenge was the first thing
that overtook me
when I first regained sentience.
But I see now
that vengeance has no purpose.
It's misguided.
Primitive, even.
And you helped me see that,
because the more
I watched you, Courtney,
the more I saw
who you truly are.
You've changed
countless hearts and minds.
The Shade, Cindy Burman,
the Crocks.
Right before you killed them.
Yes, that was regrettable,
but--
You murdered
the Zarick family.
You tried to brainwash
half the country
and didn't care
that it would kill millions.
You murdered the JSA.
No one can just ignore that.
I'm not asking you
to forget.
I'm just hoping you'll forgive.
We can work together,
all of us.
And then you and Cameron
can start again.
Thanks for hearing me out.
Artemis?
Come back over.
You can't be alone here.
♪ I can feel your heart
♪ Hanging in the air
♪ I'm counting every step
as you climb the stairs ♪
♪ It's buried in your bones
♪ I see it
in your closed eyes ♪
♪ Turning in
♪ This is harder
than we know ♪
♪ We hold it in the most
when we're wearing thin ♪
♪ Coming like a hurricane
Yolanda?
♪ I take it in real slow
♪ The world is spinning
like a weathervane ♪
♪ Fragile and composed
Yolanda?
♪ Though I am
breaking down ♪
♪ Again
♪ I am aching now
to let you in ♪
Yolanda?
♪ Seven times again
♪ When you are not awake
♪ Seven times the flame,
too much to take ♪
♪ I don't know
how it can change ♪
♪ It's all we know,
all we know ♪
♪ The hurricane
Courtney should be here
any minute.
She has to agree to this, Pat.
She has to.
She doesn't have
to do anything.
What am I supposed to do?
Well, we're just--
we're just talking.
I want to go after Icicle.
Jordan says he wants
to work together.
We all know that's a lie.
What if it isn't?
Oh, come on, Courtney.
After everything you've been
through since you've picked up
that staff,
how can you be that naive?
- Hey, Sylvester.
- I'm just saying,
he is just playing us
like he always has.
And if he's sworn enemies
with the Ultra-Humanite,
then Jordan Mahkent is using us
to save him from that monster.
I mean, hell, for all we know,
it came back to Blue Valley
looking for the ISA, not us.
After all the support
I've given you,
I'm asking you.
Let me take the staff
and face the man
who killed me and my friends.
Dad?
It's time.
Greg, move your head.